README.md, before:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](/LICENSE)

# Readium-2 Test App (Kotlin/Android)

A test app for the Kotlin implementation of Readium-2 that integrates various modules together.

[![BSD-3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD--3-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

## Features


## Demo


## Dependencies

- [Shared Models](https://github.com/readium/r2-shared-kotlin) (Model, shared for both streamer and navigator) [![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/readium/r2-shared-kotlin.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#readium/r2-shared-kotlin)
- [Streamer](https://github.com/readium/r2-streamer-kotlin) (The parser/server) [![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/readium/r2-streamer-kotlin.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#readium/r2-streamer-kotlin) 
- [Navigator](https://github.com/readium/r2-navigator-kotlin) (The bare ViewControllers for displaying parsed resources) [![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/readium/r2-navigator-kotlin.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#readium/r2-navigator-kotlin)
- [Readium CSS](https://github.com/readium/readium-css) (Handles styles, layout and user settings)

## Install and run the testapp

Commit message:

Updated README with Google Play and features

README.md, after:

# Readium-2 Test App (Kotlin/Android) <a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.readium.r2reader'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/badge_new.png'/></a>

A test app for the Kotlin implementation of Readium-2. Stable builds are [available on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.readium.r2reader). To follow the development of this app, [join the beta channel](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/org.readium.r2reader).

[![BSD-3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD--3-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

## Features

- [x] EPUB 2.x and 3.x support
- [x] Readium LCP support
- [ ] CBZ support
- [x] Custom styles
- [x] Night & sepia modes
- [x] Pagination and scrolling
- [x] Table of contents
- [x] OPDS 1.x and 2.0 support
- [ ] FXL support
- [ ] RTL support

## Demo


## Dependencies

- [Shared Models](https://github.com/readium/r2-shared-kotlin) (Model, shared for both streamer and navigator) [![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/readium/r2-shared-kotlin.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#readium/r2-shared-kotlin)
- [Streamer](https://github.com/readium/r2-streamer-kotlin) (The parser/server) [![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/readium/r2-streamer-kotlin.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#readium/r2-streamer-kotlin) 
- [Navigator](https://github.com/readium/r2-navigator-kotlin) (The bare ViewControllers for displaying parsed resources) [![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/readium/r2-navigator-kotlin.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#readium/r2-navigator-kotlin)
- [Readium CSS](https://github.com/readium/readium-css) (Handles styles, layout and user settings)

## Install and run the testapp
